(PY39) jack@jack-Desktop:~/Desktop/FISHING$ ollama run phi3:latest
>>> What is you main expertise ?
As an AI developed by Microsoft, my primary area of 
expertise lies in processing and generating natural 
language responses. I am adept at understanding 
contextual information provided to me during interactions 
with users like myself and can provide informed answers 
across a wide range of topics including but not limited 
to technology, science, arts, culture, general knowledge 
questions (up until the cutoff date), mathematics, 
history, geography, sports, literature, health-related 
advice (with disclaimers where needed) based on my 
training data. I am continuously updated with information 
up to September 2021 and aim to facilitate seamless 
communication that is informative, concise, accurate 
within this knowledge scope, and as user-friendly as 
possible for the diverse audience of users interacting 
with me online.

>>> Can you tell me a story about a Flea in a Tree in the style
...  of Dr Seuss ?
Certainly! Here's your tale inspired by the enchanting 
works of Theodor Geisel:

In an odd and peculiar tree, so green,  
Lived tiny buzzers unseen.   
Amongst leaves where butterflies danced in breeze,  
Floated a Flea named Thrice as fleas are three!

He had big brown eyes that glittered like dew drops at 
dawn and nighttime too,  
And legs so short they barely touched the twig's end.   
His fur was darkest black – but never felt cold or 
dreary;    
It shone with a heat as hot as summer sunshine here and 
there! 

But Thrice wasn’t just any flea, oh no indeed so grand  
He had the most unusual gift in his tiny little hand.   
A pocket full of dreams – each one more wondrous than 
sights;   
For he was a magical creature living amidst leafy 
heights!    

One fine sunny day, Thrice thought to climb higher and 
reach  
The canopy's embrace for the sweetest nectar of peach.    
 
But lo and behold as his tiny legs did scramble upward 
bound,   
His world began spinning round!    
          
A whirlwind came upon him with its mighty howl  
And carried Thrice through a portal to the unknown 
foretell in this tale's scroll.     
As it swept him along and took on an unexpected flight –  
    
He found himself soaring over rivers, mountains of snow 
white!    
          
His heart did race with joy at these new sights unseen;   

But his flea-mind quickly understood he needed a plan to 
be clean.     
“I must return,” thought Thrice as the whirlwind 
descended  
To where it began, before its tempestuous movements 
ended!    
          
Now our little hero had one last hurrah for joyful 
jubilee –   
A fateful chance encounter with a young girl named Sue.   
  
She lived in this land of fantasy and frolic free;  
And as she watched Thrice, her eyes did shine like the 
sea!    
      
“Let me take you back to your tree,” said Sue without 
delay   
As our flea friend was feeling quite a bit down today.   
Without hesitation he agreed – for home does call 
sweetly;     
And off they went on an adventure with no goodbye 
meeting!    
          
Back in his leafy world, Thrice felt ever so grateful  
For the wonderful sights and sounds that life has gifted 
him.   
He decided to share this treasure trove of wonder – not 
just for himself but all who could hear;     
To inspire them with tales from around the globe where 
adventures are near!    
          
And so Thrice became an ambassador, spreading joy and 
cheer,  
Inviting fleas everywhere to explore without fear.   
For he knew that no matter how small one might be –   
The world holds surprises for every kind heart to see!   
           
(End of the story)

>>> looking at earth as an alien tell me things that seem very 
... stange to you.
From the perspective of a sentient being from another 
planet, observing Earth might yield many strange and 
fascinating observations:

1. Social Constructs - Human societies appear built 
around complex social constructs like countries with 
defined borders marked by fences or walls that seem both 
unnecessary for their survival yet so important to them 
culturally and politically. Humans often engage in 
activities within these barriers, but curiously have a 
desire to connect beyond them as well - an odd duality of 
separation and togetherness exists here on Earth.

2. Urban Environments – The sprawling cities with 
high-rise buildings create massive canyons dominated by 
concrete where forests once stood are now rare, which 
might seem strange since I am presumably from a planet 
abundant in natural landscapes and biodiversity. Despite 
this loss of habitat, humans have adapted remarkably to 
urban life despite the absence of greenery at every 
corner as one would expect on an Earth-like world teeming 
with flora and fauna.

3. Transportation - The myriad forms of transport that 
zigzag across landscapes in all shapes – from massive 
metal birds (airplanes) to swift vessels floating upon 
watery expanses (boats), which seem excessive for just 
traversing the planet quickly, yet are essential due to 
its vast size and diverse terrains.

4. Food Cultures - Various culinary traditions that 
thrive on a wide array of flavors – some quite pungent or 
sweetly decadent; where creatures like bats consume 
insects as main sustenance, while humans have developed 
an intricate culture around diverse food types and 
preferences which range from raw to cooked with elaborate 
techniques. This variance in diets is a testament to the 
adaptability of life on Earth but also might seem strange 
due to its contrasting lifestyles amongst one another 
within such proximity.

5. Technology - The rapid advancement and prol0cession of 
technological gadgets that humans create, which are meant 
to facilitate communication or transportation yet often 
lead to a disconnect among them as they look at screens 
more frequently than engaging with their immediate 
surroundings; this paradoxical relationship between 
technology enhancing life while potentially alienating 
individuals from each other and nature might seem 
counterintuitive.

6. Energy Consumption – The Earth's reliance on burning 
organic matter for energy, which leads to a release of 
substances called greenhouse gases contributing 
significantly to climate change; this process seems 
strange when considering alternative methods that could 
be employed or the consequences it has on global 
atmospheric conditions and planetary health.

7. Artistic Expression – The myriad ways in which humans 
express themselves artistically, using materials as 
diverse as paint, digital devices, performance arts to 
create what they refer to as 'art', an enigmatic concept 
wherein seemingly random patterns or objects are given 
meaning by human interpretation and context; this form of 
creation can appear strange due to its often abstract 
nature and the subjectivity involved in defining 
something with universal aesthetic value.

8. Concepts of Time – The construct that humans have 
divided their day into segments, working for certain 
periods while resting or being entertained during others; 
this segmentation might seem odd when considering natural 
cycles which do not adhere to such divisions but are 
dictated by the rhythmic patterns of solar and lunar 
motions.

9. Fascination with Stars - Despite having a vast array 
of planets within their own system, Earth's inhabitants 
have developed an intense curiosity about other stars in 
different galaxies; this seemingly endless pursuit to 
find 'Earth-like' worlds amongst the cosmos could be 
considered odd given that they often forget there are 
habitable environments right here on home soil.

10. Emotional Experiences - The wide range of emotions 
humans experience, from joy and love to fear and sorrow; 
these complex psychological states seem strange when 
considering other forms of life which might not possess 
such intricate neural networks or the capacity for 
self-awareness leading them neither toward constant 
introspection nor towards an understanding of their own 
existential significance.

These observations are but a fragmentary glimpse into 
Earth's diverse and often bewildering ways, wherein lies 
both marvel at humanity’s capabilities as well as the 
curious oddities that arise from living within such 
intricate societies amongst beings with differing 
perceptions of existence. As an alien observer analyzing 
these phenomena through a lens untainted by Earth's 
history, one finds it both endearing and enigmatic – for 
each peculiarity holds the potential to inspire novel 
understandings about life itself in its multifaceted 
expressions across this planet teeming with wonders.